Basic license of Iconfinder.com

This is a legal agreement between you, the Purchaser, and the Licensor (Iconfinder ApS). 
Purchasing or downloading of any icon or icons set (Licensed Material), constitutes your 
acceptance of the terms of this agreement if it is clearly noted that the Basic license 
applies for the specific purchase. 

Grant of rights

The standard license grants you, the Purchaser, a non-exclusive, non-transferable right 
to use the Licensed Material. The Licensed Material is permitted to be used:

    For any personal, commercial, editorial or client purpose
    In an altered, cropped or otherwise modified or manipulated way

The Licensed Material may be reproduced in:

    Printed Material
    Advertisements
    Packaging
    Presentations
    Video
    On-line content
    Computer games
    Multimedia projects
    Smartphone and desktop apps - both free and paid.

Restrictions

All ownership and copyright of the Licensed Material remain the property of licensor. The 
licensed Material is not being sold, but provided to the purchaser under the terms of 
this agreement.

The Licensed Material or any derivative work based on the Licensed Material may not be 
directly or indirectly licensed, sublicensed, sold, resold or redistributed alone - 
even for free.

The Licensed Material may not be placed:

    On any website in a complete or archived downloadable format
    On any electronic bulletin board or downloadable format
    In a way that enables it to be distributed in any other way

The Licensed Material may not be:

    Sold or redistributed as part of an icon set
    Included in work intended to be reproduced by third party for example:any electronic, web, design or presentation template
    Incorporated into a logo or other trademark
    Used on physical items for resale or on any similar mass produced item
    Used to create pornographic, libellous, obscene or defamatory Material.

Examples

The following examples, on how not to use icons purchased under the Basic lincense, 
are based on frequently asked questions from other users.
You may not resell the icons

When you buy an icon, you gain the rights to use it in commercial and non-commercial projects. 
You can use it for your own or your client's website, app, presentation etc. However, the Basic 
license does not give your the rights to resell the icons as a product. You cannot download 
icons from Iconfinder.com and put them up on your own site for sale.
Icons cannot be resold as part of mass distributed digital products

When you buy an icon, you gain the rights to use it in commercial and non-commercial projects. 
You can use it for your own or your client's website, app, presentation etc. You are, for example, 
free to use the icons in a SaaS analytics dashboard product you sell to customers. But, you cannot 
use the icons in a dashboard Bootstrap UI theme, you sell on a theme marketplace. The Basic license 
does not give you the rights to resell the icons as part of digital products like:

    Themes
    UI-kits
    Software frameworks
    In-app purchase icon packs

Icons cannot be used on merchandise for sale

Using icons on T-shirts and other types of physical products is fine, but reselling these products 
is not permitted. You can print an icon on a T-shirt for your self, a client or for internal use 
in your company. But you are not allowed to print an icon on a shirt and then resell the shirt as 
a product. The reason is that as soon as the icon becomes the main motif on the shirt, cup or 
whatever item you had in mind, it goes from being an icon to being a new product in itself.
The icons cannot be used as logos

In many ways icons are like logos. The artwork is simple and elegant, and often has a very clear 
and easy to understand meaning. Neither the Extended license nor the Basic license permit 
the icons to be used as logos. Your logo has to be unique, otherwise it cannot be trademarked. 
Also, if you try to trademark a logo that is an icon, the designer of the icon can have 
a conflicting copyright ownership. We therefore do not allow the usage of the Licensed 
material as logos.

